[WD-22555] feat: Implemented Newsletter Signup Pattern (#5612)
canonical/vanilla-framework: templates/docs/patterns/text-spotlight/index.md

View example of the text spotlight section with links
</a></div>

## H4 styled items

You can also apply h4 level styles to the list items, by setting `item_heading_level=4`

<div class="embedded-example"><a href="/docs/examples/patterns/text-spotlight/h4-styled-items" class="js-example" data-lang="jinja">

> View example of the default text spotlight section

Reviewer: The fallback text needs to be updated
```suggestion
View example of the text spotlight section with h4-styled items
```
